Document TUI command construction using Python journaling (#2033)
ansys/pyfluent: doc/source/user_guide/tui_commands.rst

and `dir <https://docs.python.org/3/library/functions.html#dir>`_ functions.

The arguments to a TUI command are those that would be passed in direct
interaction in the Fluent console, but they are in a Pythonic style. In the recent
Fluent versions, in both meshing and solution mode,
you can use Python journaling, which is a beta feature,

> to construct the TUI commands for PyFluent. The following section describes how to

Reviewer: Should we mention somewhere how to perform Python journaling?

As far as I've seen, we don't have that info anywhere in the PyFluent documentation. The current PyFluent journaling documentation seems to be mostly useless/empty: 
https://fluent.docs.pyansys.com/version/stable/api/general/index.html#journaling

Author: This is part of Fluent documentation.

and `dir <https://docs.python.org/3/library/functions.html#dir>`_ functions.

The arguments to a TUI command are those that would be passed in direct
interaction in the Fluent console, but they are in a Pythonic style. In the recent
Fluent versions, in both meshing and solution mode,
you can use Python journaling, which is a beta feature,
to construct the TUI commands for PyFluent. The following section describes how to
construct the TUI commands for PyFluent in different Fluent versions.

TUI command construction
------------------------

> In Fluent 2023 R2, the recorded Python journal from Fluent contains the Python

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
From Fluent 2023 R2, the recorded Python journal from Fluent contains the Python
```

> commands corresponding to the TUI commands executed in Fluent. The TUI commands for
> which settings API exist are converted to the corresponding settings API commands.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
commands corresponding to the TUI commands executed in Fluent. The TUI command conversion will
generate a call to a corresponding settings API command if one exists.
```

> In Fluent 2023 R2, the recorded Python journal from Fluent contains the Python
> commands corresponding to the TUI commands executed in Fluent. The TUI commands for
> which settings API exist are converted to the corresponding settings API commands.
> If you start the Python journaling in the solution mode and type the following
> in the Fluent console to set velocity inlet properties:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
From the 2023 R2 release onward, a Fluent Python journal contains Python calls corresponding to the TUI commands executed in Fluent. Python journaling will
generates a call to a corresponding settings API command if one exists.
For instance, with Python started in solution mode, you can type following in the Fluent console to set velocity inlet properties:
```
